pe/edu/upc/user/repositories/UserAddressRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.repositories.UserAddressRepository
pe/edu/upc/user/services/UserAddressService.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.UserAddressService
pe/edu/upc/user/services/AddressService.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.AddressService
pe/edu/upc/user/services/CrudService.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.CrudService
pe/edu/upc/user/UserServiceApplication.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.UserServiceApplication
pe/edu/upc/user/entities/User.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.entities.User
pe/edu/upc/user/services/UserService.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.UserService
pe/edu/upc/user/repositories/SubscriptionRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.repositories.SubscriptionRepository
pe/edu/upc/user/controllers/SubscriptionController.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.controllers.SubscriptionController
pe/edu/upc/user/services/impls/AddressServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.impls.AddressServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/user/entities/CreditCard.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.entities.CreditCard
pe/edu/upc/user/controllers/AddressController.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.controllers.AddressController
pe/edu/upc/user/repositories/CreditCardRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.repositories.CreditCardRepository
pe/edu/upc/user/entities/Address.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.entities.Address
pe/edu/upc/user/services/impls/UserServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.impls.UserServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/user/repositories/AddressRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.repositories.AddressRepository
pe/edu/upc/user/controllers/UserController.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.controllers.UserController
pe/edu/upc/user/services/SubscriptionService.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.SubscriptionService
pe/edu/upc/user/services/CreditCardService.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.CreditCardService
pe/edu/upc/user/services/impls/SubscriptionServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.impls.SubscriptionServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/user/entities/Subscription.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.entities.Subscription
pe/edu/upc/user/services/impls/UserAddressServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.impls.UserAddressServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/user/services/impls/CreditCardServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.services.impls.CreditCardServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/user/controllers/CreditCardController.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.controllers.CreditCardController
pe/edu/upc/user/repositories/UserRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.repositories.UserRepository
pe/edu/upc/user/entities/UserAddress.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.entities.UserAddress
pe/edu/upc/user/controllers/UserAddressController.java
 pe.edu.upc.user.controllers.UserAddressController
