pe/edu/upc/producto/entities/Brand.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.entities.Brand
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/CommentService.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.CommentService
pe/edu/upc/producto/entities/VehicleType.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.entities.VehicleType
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/CrudService.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.CrudService
pe/edu/upc/producto/ProductoServiceApplication.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.ProductoServiceApplication
pe/edu/upc/producto/repositories/SituationRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.repositories.SituationRepository
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/impls/BrandServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.impls.BrandServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/producto/controllers/VehicleController.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.controllers.VehicleController
pe/edu/upc/producto/entities/Vehicle.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.entities.Vehicle
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/impls/VehicleTypeServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.impls.VehicleTypeServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/producto/repositories/VehicleTypeRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.repositories.VehicleTypeRepository
pe/edu/upc/producto/repositories/BrandRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.repositories.BrandRepository
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/VehicleTypeService.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.VehicleTypeService
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/impls/CommentServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.impls.CommentServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/impls/SituationServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.impls.SituationServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/BrandService.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.BrandService
pe/edu/upc/producto/repositories/VehicleRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.repositories.VehicleRepository
pe/edu/upc/producto/entities/Situation.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.entities.Situation
pe/edu/upc/producto/controllers/CommentController.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.controllers.CommentController
pe/edu/upc/producto/entities/Comment.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.entities.Comment
pe/edu/upc/producto/repositories/CommentRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.repositories.CommentRepository
pe/edu/upc/producto/controllers/VehicleTypeController.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.controllers.VehicleTypeController
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/VehicleService.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.VehicleService
pe/edu/upc/producto/controllers/BrandController.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.controllers.BrandController
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/SituationService.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.SituationService
pe/edu/upc/producto/services/impls/VehicleServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.services.impls.VehicleServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/producto/controllers/SituationController.java
 pe.edu.upc.producto.controllers.SituationController
